In You, I Find Rest
So I decided to write another poem. I personally enjoy poetry, just how it flows and how it is like a song. So, I think I might write more poety if I feel inspired or even bored. Today, I was inspired by Psalm 23:1-2, and I wrote a poem about finding rest in the Lord. I am going to create a 'book' on Wattpad, and you can go there by clicking <a href="https://www.wattpad.com/story/138455392">here</a>. I hope you enjoy!

The LORD is my shepherd;
I have all that I need.
He lets me rest in green meadows;
he leads me beside peaceful streams.
 ~ Psalm 23:1-2 NLT

For you are the LORD my God,
You have placed me on this sod.
And when this earth trembles and shakes,
At peace You set the quakes.
For only Your love is the best,
And in You I find rest.

You shed your blood on that tree,
And you did it all for me!
In love You walked,
And in kindness You talked.
Instill in me I request,
Because in You I find rest.

Lord, you are my Savior.
Let me imitate your behavior.
For You have help me through my wars,
With your powerful, lion's roar.
You cleanse me of sins, like East from West,
Because of that, in You I find rest.

To You be the glory,
Let all hear your story,
So that when they face life's test,
In You, they will find rest.

To Me, Give Praise!
In school, it is all abuzz with talk and worry about the school shooting in Flordia this past week, and honestly, it has me worried too. I highly doubt that in our little town, something like this would happen, but then again, we've been in the news for drugs and other stuff like that. 

But as I was listening to everyone talk about it, it inspired me to write another poem, saying that we should praise God, even in our hardships. It does directly relate to this issue, but can also relate to other issues.

View my other poems in my Poem Book <a href="https://www.wattpad.com/story/138455392-poem-book">here</a>.

When people mourn and cry,
Some might look to the sky,
Oh God, could you try,
To help when we die?

And He replies oh my child, oh dear,
Please, please, have cheer!
I can give hope when you pull Me near.
Doesn't my Word make it clear?

And when you're in a craze,
I say, to Me, give praise!
Rise up with your joyous phrase,
And you can be the light of your day!

"I will exalt you, my God and King, and praise your name forever and ever.
I will praise you every day; yes, I will praise you forever.
Great is the Lord! He is most worthy of praise! No one can measure his greatness."
 " Psalm 145:1-3
 6: 
Habakkuk
Recently, I've been watching The Bible Project's Old Testament videos about the books of the Bible. One of them, Habakkuk, interested me. The beginning seemed to resemble how Christians may think in modern America.

"How long, O Lord, must I call for help? But you do not listen! 'Violence is everywhere!' I cry, but you do not come to save. Must I forever see these evil deeds? Why must I watch all this misery? Wherever I look, I see destruction and violence. I am surrounded by people who love to argue and fight. The law has become paralyzed, and there is no justice in the courts. The wicked far outnumber the righteous, so that justice has become perverted."
Habakkuk 1:2-4 NLT

It seems like moral is unacceptable and immortal is acceptable. Law is perverted, and the courts approve it. Many may think that even as we pray for our schools, they still have shootings that become worse everyday. I've gotten to the point that I've been desensitized to it, and another shooting is just another shooting. That's the state of the country.

Unlike in Habakkuk, we may not have another nation come in and take over, but we still are in a stituation where the nation isn't right. Habakkuk then asked God about why he would use another nation that is more irreverent to God to conquer Isreal. But then He says how they will have their downfall too because of their immorality.

This reminds me of the story of Job, where he deals with 'punishment', even though he was rightous in God's eyes (Job 2:3). But, insead, this is a judgement of character, and to see how Job reacts and weather he is still reverent to God. In the end, Job humbles himself before God, and shows his reverence, and is rewarded with twice of what he had before his trials came.

So even though that we may not see a nation come and take America over, but it shows that even while we deal with trials and stay reverent to God, we will be reawrded in the end.
 7: 
Circus for a Psycho
I have a really quick post, which interprets a part of a song. For a while, I've loved this song, but the meaning has been sort of confusing for me. This song is Circus for a Psycho, released by Skillet in their amazing 2013 album, Rise.

This song describes what sounds like a circus, with crazy acts. But it also sounds like a battle, and some sort of attempt to be conquered, but overcoming it. I was listening to it while I was writing down thoughts for a video game concept that I've had for a few years now, and I noticed a certain line which says: "Got your finger on the trigger / You think that you're the winner / You're going to get kicked off of your throne". With Easter next week, it sort of reminded me of the story of Jesus' death and resurrection. When the pharisees thought they were doing good and removing a blasphemous teacher from the scene, and securing their own piety and reverence. But the truth is (although the Jewish may disagree), they brought Jesus' victory over death, and get Him His place on the throne next to the Lord.

These three lines represent the whole story. "Got your finger on the trigger" shows how the pharisees were plotting to kill Jesus, and had their fingers on a weapon that would bring death. "You think that you're the winner" means that they think they've won, and that they succeeded to kill someone who is a 'false prophet' of God. Then "You're going to get kicked off of your throne" shows how Jesus comes back victorious, and will defeat evil and corruption, and in the end, he has the final word.

Realizing this was a shocker, especially just watching videos about the Gospels. Also, this is a Biblical hint for any who were still suspicious about Skillet's religiousness as a band. If there are any more scripture references in this song, I will probably make future posts about them.

 8: 
Still
If you've ever been out in nature, you would know that water is a very valuable resource. Water can also be beautiful. But picture this: sitting on the bank of a lake, looking out onto the peaceful water. But then think of a rushing river, with rapids creating a constant thrashing of water flowing downstream really fast. Vast difference, isn't it?

Think of the story of Jesus, where he was on the boat and calmed the storm. "One day Jesus said to his disciples, 'Let's cross to the other side of the lake.' So they got into a boat and started out. As they sailed across, Jesus settled down for a nap. But soon a fierce storm came down on the lake. The boat was filling with water, and they were in real danger. The disciples went and woke him up, shouting, 'Master, Master, we're going to drown!' When Jesus woke up, he rebuked the wind and the raging waves. Suddenly the storm stopped and all was calm. Then he asked them, 'Where is your faith?' The disciples were terrified and amazed. 'Who is this man?' they asked each other. 'When he gives a command, even the wind and waves obey him!'" (Luke 8:22-25 NLT)

In this, it didn't take a toll on Jesus to calm the storm, he just did it. When you think about life, between work, school, sports, social media, friends, family, and leisure time, it can feel like you're drowning in the river I mentioned earlier; drowning in appointments, activity, social judgment, traveling, working, and constantly being busy.

But in Jesus' name, we can have peace, and it can all be called to still.

The other day, I listened to the song <a href="https://genius.com/Hillsong-worship-still-lyrics">'Still' by Hillsong</a>, and the chorus goes like this:
When the oceans rise and thunders roar
I will soar with You above the storm
Father, You are King over the flood
I will be still, know You are God

The disciples acknowledged that Jesus was the person who could save them, and that's when the storm was calmed. We aren't called to be caught up in the storm, but we are called to be different, and stand out and stand still, knowing that Jesus is Lord. In this, people will see this how our faith, and will be a demonstration that God is Lord above everything.

This lesson is definitely something I need to learn, but I hope everyone can learn from this. Hope you enjoyed!
 9: 
Spirital Warfare
Last night, I was writing down some things in my notebook (that I haven't touched in a while now), and I didn't think about it at the time, but I basically signed myself into spiritual warfare.

I used part of the Diciple song 'Game On':
"When the lights go up and the game is on
    Are you ready for me?
    'Cause I'm ready for you.
When the bell rings out this fight is on
    Are you ready for me?
    'Cause I'm ready for you!"

Also, to close out what I wrote, I said "Get to your knees, get ready to bow.". If that isn't signing up for a spiritual warfare, I don't know what is.

Today, I had a test I wasn't prepared for. Normally, I am never feel ready for tests in this subject (because I struggle with it), but today, I <i>wasn't</i> ready. As per usual, I prayed over the test, asked for wisdom dispite me struggling. (Now that I think about it, I normally pray over the whole class, but I forgot to do so this time. Whoops.) But as I went on and continued to star the questions I had no idea on, I got more frustrated, and by time I handed in the test, I was starting to be in tears. During the test, all I could think of was how I am slow, how I can't handle all my assignments, how I push it off as me not focusing but it probably is just me being lazy and procrastinating, and all these thoughts of worthlessness. It literally ruined my day.

Satan doesn't want us to be happy in the Lord. We will do whatever he can to break us down so low that we won't let God reach us. Today, he tried to pull me there. But tonight, I took this all in, and I realized that I was actually under attack. My innocent writing of being ready for attack actually brought me to being attacked.

Also, yesterday during worship at church, our amazing worship leader sang a new song (although I spent a minute trying to remember if we sang it at one of our youth worship services) called 'New Wine'by Hillsong. In the bridge, there are two lines:
"I lay down my old flames
To carry Your new fire today."
And when we sang these lines, I felt like I was physically holding a torch. I have no other explanation other than God working. If I had to give any interpretation, it would be either that I would carry the light of this torch into battle, like in the story of Gideon (Judges 7:20), they held torches and the LORD lead them victorious through battle. I might be wrong, but that's honestly how I felt holding this invisible torch.

This is only the start of this. War on the enemy is declared, so he better square up, because the heat's about to get on.

"You wanna try to take me under
 I'll never bow till I'm six feet under
 Listen to the sound of rolling thunder
 You can't break me
 You'll never take me down"
-Thousand Foot Krutch " Down
 10: 
Blessed
We are blessed as Christians to be able to go to church every Sunday and worship God Almighty. We are blessed to serve a God who is looking out for our best interests, and not just a god who wants praise for their own glory.

As Christians, we believe in Jesus, who sacrificed his life for us. We believe and worship not because we have to, but because we want to.

"We love each other because he loved us first." 1 John 4:19 NLT

It's an honor to worship God, who first loved us, and didn't expect us to love Him first before he loved us.
 11: 
Constant
I wrote a poem. Again. This poem I got during a Sunday worship. I just suddenly had the idea of the Lord being constant. He is the rock that we can stand on and can be assured that it will never move. You can rely on science, but the Word has always been there. You stand on trends, but you never know what the next fidget spinner could be. You could rely on relationships, but unless it is a relationship with God at the center (then you're standing on the rock anyways), you're not going to get anywhere. Some people might argue about the last one, but I'd want to provide my proof. My proof is in the 50% or more divorce rate, abortions, homosexual relationships, and other stuff. The idea of a mother-father-children family has gotten so perverted my the country taking God's ideas into our own control. But when you fall back on the Lord, it's all designed to be perfect. The Lord is constant. That's what this poem is about. Some people thought it sounded like a song, but I didn't write it to be put to music. I was in worship, so it may have had some influence.

You can check out this poem on my <a href="https://www.wattpad.com/story/138455392-poem-book">poem book project</a>.

People come and people go,
Relationships thrown to and fro.
But I stay constant, this you know.

Trends leave and come,
Societal pressure like a drum.
But constant satisfaction, it is Me it is from.

Life comes in like a storm,
Strife like a swarm.
But the constant rock, I am that norm.

It's you I love,
Everything, I am above.
You're the one I'm proud of,
I want to fall down like a dove.

I'm your rock,
I'm the dock.
In the storm,
I am your constant, never changing form.

"'Lord, help!' they cried in their trouble, and he saved them from their distress.
He calmed the storm to a whisper and stilled the waves.
What a blessing was that stillness as he brought them safely into harbor!
Let them praise the Lord for his great love and for the wonderful things he has done for them."
 " \xe2\x80\xad\xe2\x80\xadPsalms\xe2\x80\xac \xe2\x80\xad107:28-31\xe2\x80\xac \xe2\x80\xadNLT\xe2\x80\xac\xe2\x80\xac
 12: 
Site Upgrade/Announcements
This is the second time writing this because my current system is kinda stupid, and it made me lose two posts that I wrote, so if this seems hastily written, that's why.

In the future, there are going to be some changes coming to the website. Here they are:
<ol>
<li>I plan to be switching my current system of writing/publishing posts. The website will stay the same, and theoretically there should be no noticable difference for the reader. Here's a technical explanation: I currently use Python to write to files and convert them to HTML for the website and they get uploaded to GitHub in the public repository that everyone can see. While I programmed everything and I am proud of it, there are several things that I might still need to do (like saving posts when you're done so you don't have to rewrite them), but I have a better way now that I am going to do this. While I could migrate over to Wordpress, I don't want to. I like complete control over my website. What I will be doing is moving all my data over to Google Firebase, which is a live updating database system that works with JavaScript and web stuff. And migrating to Firebase leads into my second annoucement:</li>
<li>I will be making an effort to have multiple authors on the website. I know several members of my youth group write stuff down, and since I am gifted with the technical knowledge that I have, I might as well not keep it all for myself and share it to make something that we can all use. I will be rebranding a little bit, and call it BibleThoughts instead of just Teen Bible Thoughts. Why? I honestly don't know. I think it's more because I'm getting older, so I want to still be a part of it and keep this alive, but I might as well rebrand now while I'm making these changes. But multiple authors. It's something I've wanted to do for a while, but now I have all the tools to do it. Now just to do it...</li>
<li>My final announcement will be good for those who view my page on their phone. I do know that this site isn't very mobile friendly, and that's why I want to make a mobile friendly version, and also make it so that you can add it as an app on your phone to view at any time. It will still be a website, which has it's limitations as a website, but I already am working on it for iOS, and hopefully will figure it out for Android. I am working on this now, so this will probably be the first update to come out. I want to get this done so I can slot the Firebase changes right in for the new layout for mobile.</li></ol>

I am excited for these changes, and will probably get working on them when summer break starts (either when I am 'studying for finals', or when I am lying in bed in pain from getting my only 3 wisdom teeth removed. I already know most of what needs to be done, but I just need to do it. I'm excited!!!

God's Presence
I actually shouldn't be on my laptop right now, but I was watching a sermon on the Hillsong Channel, and it made me think of this post, so I think my mom can excuse it this time.

Anyways, I was watching a sermon on the Hillsong Channel because it was on and it gave me a reason to stay up. I wasn't paying too much attention to the main topic of the sermon, but when I payed attention, the preacher was talking about entering the presence of God. He said that there were three ways to enter into the presense of God, and he said the first one was through worship. He gave a few passeges from Psalms, but I was already out of it. Near the end of his sermon, I started thinking. I guess God kind of dropped something onto me, and I realize why God seems to move when we worship.

According to the Merriam-Webster dictionary, worship is defined as "extravagant respect or admiration for or devotion to an object of esteem". It's like in Britian when the Queen walks in, everyone might kneel or show some sign of respect for her. People even refer to her as "Your Highness". I realized that when we worship, this is exactly what we do for the Lord. We put the Lord's status above our own, and give him praises for how good He is and everything He is. Whenever you enter a room where believers are praising and lifting up Jesus' name, you can tell when the Lord's presense is manifested. You can tell that He is there.

But it's all because we set our own status and our own ego aside for a moment to lift up the Lord. That's why it doesn't matter if you're on the worship team, if you're the one who wrote the lyrics to the powerful worship song, and it doesn't even matter if you are musically (or vocally) gifted. As long as you are lifting up the Lord over yourself, His presence can come and be manifested. In Romans 12:1, Paul says to "be a living sacrifice", and that "This is truly the way to worship Him". It doesn't say "sing with the voice of an angel - and this is truly acceptable worship", but it says about laying ourselves down, and putting ourselves aside.

Even though I've been told this and understand it, I still struggle with this. But from Adam and Eve, when humanity decided that we were going to elevate ourselves over what God says, we gave sin a foot in the door, and something that isn't God entered. But when we lay our lives down, we push that out the door, and let God enter in.

I hope this encourages people, and I hope this post benefits us all (and pray that my mom doesn't get too mad for me being on my laptop when I shouldn't be).

Makeup
A common thing in the present times is for women to wear makeup. As a guy, I don't know or understand makeup, but I know that some people think they need it. Some people will see little faults in their skin or think they need a little extra help on their appearance to look good enough to go out in public.

But spiritually, some people also think they need makeup. Some people see their own little faults abnd feel they need to cover them up before they can come before the Lord. I have two things to say on that.

Matthew 11:28 says: "Then Jesus said, 'Come to me, all of you who are weary and carry heavy burdens, and I will give you rest.'"

Jesus says here that when you come to Him with all your issues, He will give you rest. He doesn't say to mask your faults and you will find rest, but He says to be transparent, an to come to Him with your faults.

Also, 2 Corinthians 13:4 says: "Although he was crucified in weakness, he now lives by the power of Go. We, too, are weak, just as Christ was, but when we deal with you we will be alive with him and and will have God's power."

In ourselves, we are weak. But in Christ, we have power. This very statement shows that Christ is bigger than us in everything. So when we think we have a problem, when we look at it though Christ's perspective, that problem is so small that it might as well not exist.

When you are being fed lies by the enemy, that you are not "Holy and blameless" (Colossians 1:22), look at your issues through the One who calls you Holy an blameless, who wipes clean all faults. And because of Him, you don't need any 'spiritual makeup' to come before the Lord.

Grow Up
I want to start this post by saying the Holy Spirit spoke to me through my pastor tonight, in a way that wasn't too relivant to his message. So credit goes to my pastor and the Holy Spirit for this one.

Recently, growing up is starting to hit me hard. Let's look at how grown up I am. I will get my full license in less than a month, I will be an adult in around 6 months, I will be a senior in high school this year, and starting college the next. To me, the shock of growing up is setting in, and I don't really like it. It hurts to know that I will have to be responsible for myself, and will sort of be shoved into the real world to make decisions on my own. It's a reality that I'm facing, and I'm not accepting it too well. I don't want to grow up. I want to stay young.

God spoke to me tonight, and came at me like the Holy Spirit swung a baseball bat at my face with 'Grow up!' written all over it. At first it was like 'Woah, I am really putting off growing up', but then I realized what God was actually speaking to me. I am sort of sad to start my senior year, because I have tough classes, and I want to just continue to enjoy summer and not have the stress of assignments, essays, and whatnot. But as some may know, I am the leader of the Bible Club in our school. And me over here keeps saying that I don't want to start this school year, is sort of like saying to God, 'Hey, there's some stuff in store for this school this year, but you need to wait until my terms to start moving.' I'm sure more mature Christians will see this and be like 'Caleb, don't work against God, because you're looking for a rough time.' I know most of the Bible stories, and one in particular is where Pharaoh's heart was hardened to the Lord (read through Exodous 8-14). So I understand moving against God is a bad idea.

Instead of trying to swim against the tide of life (I will get picked up and carried away anyways weather I like it or not), I need to lift up my feet and surrender to the current, and just trust in God to take control of the tides. Trust Him with leading me through my early adult years, trust Him with my grades this year, trust Him to lead me to the college that His Plan wants me to go to, trust Him to guide me through college, and just trust His Plan for my life, and know that He's in control, and that no matter what, "He will neither fail you nor abandon you" (Deuteronomy 31:6 NLT).']}
